# Breakthough

>"Stop! Don't run! Kasperson, you little coward!" Sgt. LeFarve screamed a few seconds too late as his gunner exited the hatch of their Striker Tank. "Its not like he is going to get far, we're all screwed" thought LeFarve as he hastily began strapping himself into the gunners console while keeping an eye on the onrushing spearhead of the Combine Mechs tossing aside the RCT's light armor units like they were toys. The fact that the Grand Dragons had stormed through the woods at full speed meant only one thing--the AFFS front line had been completely smashed and all that stood between the Dracs and the Starport was this mixed company. Locked in, LeFarve sent off a salvo of missiles that took off the lead Dragon's arm just seconds before it leapt into the air and crushed the cockpit of Cpt. Smiths Enforcer with its armored foot. Landing, the Grand Dragon turned towards LeFarve's Striker and suddenly burst towards it with incredible speed. LeFarve's last thought was that Kasperson had had the right idea...

The Breakthrough Tactical Operation simulates advances made against tired, weary or unprepared enemy troops by fresh reserves who have followed up the initial attack spearheaded by veteran troops. The Breakthrough tactical operation is available only to players that have completed the Battle Value requirements for their Mini Campaign but have chosen to extend their campaign rather then go in for refit and thus  requires that the player have 1 Reward Point (RP) earned by the completion of their Mini Campaign.
